Add chainConfigAt, modify chainConfig (#510)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/dapp/json-rpc/api-references/governance.md

## governance_chainConfig <a id="governance_chainconfig"></a>

The `chainConfig` property provides the latest chain configuration.
This is equivalent to `chainConfigAt()` with an empty parameter.

{% hint style="success" %}

> NOTE: In versions earlier than Klaytn v1.10.0, this API returned the initial chain configuration.
> However, due to its confusing name, we have decided to make a semantic change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In versions earlier than Klaytn v1.10.0, this API returned the initial chain configuration.
However, due to its confusing name, it is updated since Klaytn v1.10.0.
To query the initial chain configuration, use `chainConfigAt(0)` instead.
```

Author: fixed in 8bdf6788
